24-Dec-2024, Tuesday: My first ever flight. Our driver, Sunil (whom Nayana had arranged via her office taxi service contact) arrived at 6 in the morning, even though Nayana had said the time as 7 — the time he got from his boss was 6:30. I had woken up from a dream by around 5 AM and risen by 5:30. We got ready and left at 6:44. Had breakfast from Anand Bhavan at Kooththaattukulam at 7:34. I had ghee roast and Nayana had what? Masala dosa? Something like that. Let at 7:59 and reached Cochin International Airport at 9:11 for our 11 AM IndiGo flight. All the security processes and baggage check stuff were, of course, new to me. Our bags were lighter than 7 kgs, the allowed weight for carry-on luggage, so we had no baggage check-in. We waited near our check-in gate, which was #2, and read the newspaper — Times of India — that lay on the sofa. My seat number was 5E, hers was 5F (window seat). Occupants of the first 10 seats were boarded first, so we went in with them. We got into the plane via a closed duct, not an escalator. I took the window seat and Nayana took the middle one. The aisle seat remained vacant. Our air-hostesses were a lovely north-Indian lady called Niharika and two other equally lovely women, one of whom was a Malayali. Our captain was a 60-something mostly bald-headed man, and the vice-captain was a 50-something woman with boy cut hair like Falguni Pathak. The flight was pretty much uneventful; I took some pictures of the clouds from above. We didn't eat, drink, or use the toilet. There was a slight jerk as the landing gear touched the runway, and Nayana told me that it depends on the pilot, and usually doesn't happen with Air-India flights. We landed at the Rajiv Gandhi International Airport at 13:37. We got a paneer burger for me and chicken nuggets for Nayana from one of the restaurants in the airport, and it totalled to something around 750? 900? What a daylight robbery! While the food was being prepared, our cabbie — whom we had arranged via the hotel — called, and told us he is at the "C" parking area. In the meantime, Manish Shaw from CTS called to ask some question about F95102, and I answered his call. We got the food, exited the airport, and crossed the road to parking area "C" after I called our driver and waved at him. We got in the cab at 13:37 and reached the hotel at 14:35.